RN for updating default interface specific sysctls (#53031)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-12-release-notes.adoc

In {product-title} 4.12, the External DNS Operator modifies the format of the ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records on AzureDNS. The External DNS Operator replaces the asterisk with `any` in ExternalDNS wildcard TXT records. You must avoid the ExternalDNS wildcard A and CNAME records having `any` leftmost subdomain because this might cause a conflict.

> The upstream version of `ExternalDNS` for an {product-title} 4.12 is v0.13.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upstream version of `ExternalDNS` for {product-title} 4.12 is v0.13.1.
```

Author: Must have touched this by accident.

[id="ocp-4-12-nodes"]
=== Nodes

[id="ocp-4-12-updating-interface-specific-list"]
==== Updating the interface-specific safe list (Technology Preview)

{product-title} now supports updating the default interface-specific safe `sysctls`.

> You can add or remove `sysctls` from the predefined list. When you add `sysctls` these are then available to be set appropriately across all nodes. Updating the interface-specific safe `sysctls` list is a Technology Preview feature only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add or remove `sysctls` from the predefined list. When you add `sysctls`, they can be set across all nodes. Updating the interface-specific safe `sysctls` list is a Technology Preview feature only.
```

> You can add or remove `sysctls` from the predefined list. When you add `sysctls` these are then available to be set appropriately across all nodes. Updating the interface-specific safe `sysctls` list is a Technology Preview feature only.

Reviewer 2: ` When you add `sysctls` these are then available to be set appropriately across all nodes. 
`I had to think for a second to understand this one. Maybe:

`Updated `sysctls` are available to set on all nodes.`

Author: I deferred to earlier peer review comment thanks @mmirecki
